Update setup instructions (#20)
kedacore/external-scaler-azure-cosmos-db: README.md

> :warning: **Caution:** The [Java SDK v2](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmosdb-java) client library uses a different naming convention for lease documents inside the lease container. This makes it incompatible with [.NET SDK v3](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3), the one that the external scaler depends on to estimate the pending changes on change feeds. Hence, if you have a Java-based target consumer application, your change feeds would be having lease documents with incompatible IDs, and the external scaler would be unable to detect any pending change remaining to be consumed. Consequently, it will scale down your application to `minReplicaCount` if defined in the `ScaledObject` or to zero instances.

### Deploy KEDA and External Scaler

1. Add and update Helm chart repo.

    ```shell
    helm repo add kedacore https://kedacore.github.io/charts
    helm repo update
    ```

1. Install KEDA Helm chart (*or follow one of the other installation methods on [KEDA documentation](https://keda.sh/docs/deploy)*).

    ```shell
    helm install keda kedacore/keda --namespace keda --create-namespace
    ```

> 1. Install 'Cosmos DB scaler' Helm chart. This will deploys the external scaler `Deployment` resource to the `keda` namespace. It also creates a `Service` resource, that KEDA will send requests to, to fetch the Cosmos DB metrics.

Reviewer: I'd remove all the details as this is implementation details, but just a suggestion
```suggestion
1. Install the Azure Cosmos DB external scaler Helm chart.
```

  triggers:
    - type: external
      metadata:

>         scalerAddress: external-scaler-azure-cosmos-db.keda:4050 # Mandatory. Address of the external scaler service.

Reviewer: Maybe elaborate a bit on what the values mean for people who are not Kubernetes app/DNS experts?
```suggestion
        scalerAddress: external-scaler-azure-cosmos-db.keda:4050 # Mandatory. Address of the external scaler service, here our installation is called 'external-scaler-azure-cosmos-db' in the 'keda' namespace.
```

Reviewer: Although it is mentioned below of course... Up to you!

Author: I would like to keep the comment concise to limit horizonal scrolling. The value of `scalerAddress` can be changed to `<scaler-name>:<scaler-namespace>:<port>` but think that would become more generic than what is required (that value will hold true for any scaler).

        connection: <connection>               # Mandatory. Connection string of Cosmos DB account with monitored container.
        databaseId: <database-id>              # Mandatory. ID of Cosmos DB database containing monitored container.
        containerId: <container-id>            # Mandatory. ID of monitored container.
        leaseConnection: <lease-connection>    # Mandatory. Connection string of Cosmos DB account with lease container.
        leaseDatabaseId: <lease-database-id>   # Mandatory. ID of Cosmos DB database containing lease container.
        leaseContainerId: <lease-container-id> # Mandatory. ID of lease container.
        processorName: <processor-name>        # Mandatory. Name of change-feed processor used by listener application.
```

### Parameter List

> - **`scalerAddress`** - Address of the external scaler service. This would be in format `<scaler-name>:<scaler-namespace>:<port>`. The port is hardcoded to be `4050` in the external scaler. If you installed 'Cosmos DB scaler' Helm chart in `keda` namespace and did not specify custom values, the metadata value would be `keda-external-scaler-azure-cosmos-db.keda:4050`.

Reviewer: What about this?
```suggestion
- **`scalerAddress`** - Address of the external scaler service. This would be in format `<scaler-name>.<scaler-namespace>:<port>`. The port is hardcoded to be `4050` in the external scaler.
  - If you installed the external scaler through Helm in the `keda` namespace with the defaults then the scaler address must be `keda-external-scaler-azure-cosmos-db.keda:4050`.
```

Also, I find this a bit confusing:
> The port is hardcoded to be `4050` in the external scaler

What do you mean here? Because the value is added in your example, or is this for non-Helm scenarios?

Author: The port for `Service` is configurable. I will fix the wording. The port for the container app is not configurable though. Inside the application, the GRPC port needs to be set while creating the host-builder. But fetching the port from app-settings required a host already created. Creating two hosts turned out to be messy, so I had to hardcode it for the container app.

Reviewer: No problem at all, just wanted to clarify the port.
